-And what's your name?
-Chloe.
Chloe. Well, best of luck to you, Chloe.
Of course we have to thank
all the moms and the aunts
who traveled from far away
to be with their daughters today,
stitching dresses, painting faces.
I think we have time
to meet one more contestant
who's down here on the end
twiddling her thumbs.
What's your name, pretty lady?
Leanne.
Leanne, very nice to meet you.
Where were you born?
Wisconsin.
...the best of luck as they head into
the talent portion of the competition.
I'm Dorothy Turner, 8 News.
You're ruining this for me. Get up.
-This is Julian.
-He's not answering.
He must have slipped out this morning.
Are they ready yet?
Almost.
-Et voilà.
-Great.
Dorothy, are you sure that means
what we think it means?
Of course.
What else could it possibly mean?
George.
Breakfast.
So, I ordered your Betamax player.
They are forecasting 15 inches,
but Stuart, our FedEx man, is very hardy.
Midwestern stock. And if he could deliver
our credenza in Hurricane Sandy,
then surely he can
deliver a Betamax in this.
I know this tape is very important to you.
I wanna help however I can.
We made a deal.
What is this?
It was in your box.
It must've fallen.
I figured it might mean something to you.
Then you know.
It is time.
It's right this way.
Dorothy, how'd it go?
Good. I think.
He's asked to use the grill.
My grill? For what?
I don't know. He just asked.
-Don't look at me like that, please.
-I'm not.
I've got this under control.
Leanne?
I was at your house.
Or what's left of it.
If you ever wanted to talk to someone...
you know you can talk to me.
Having a tea party, are we?
You're making fun of me.
What do you want, Julian?
That whole charade
with the door and the music...
you're not slick.
And I'm only here
because you want me to be.
You said if I wanted to talk.
Yeah. I did say that.
Okay, shoot.
I don't know where to start.
Well, you can start with her.
That feels like some... deep shit.
She reminds me of my mother.
They have the same eyes.
-Hello.
-Hi.
-May I help you?
-I'm looking for Sean.
Sean?
Darling, this man says he knows you.
Are you sure you want to sit out here?
It's awfully cold.
That's all right. This is perfect.
Who's he looking for?
Oh, we have a guest staying with us.
So... how do you two know each other?
It's not often I haven't met
such a good friend of Sean's.
Sean, you wanna take that?
He's a private investigator.
Julian and I hired him
to look into Leanne.
Oh, Sean. You didn't.
I thought she had a shady past.
Clearly, I was way off base.
Don't you think
you should have shared that with me?
That our nanny was under investigation.
Well, I didn't want to involve you.
Well, I just feel like a fool.
Well, now that I'm in the loop,
you better tell me everything.
Anything that might help us understand
why they took Jericho.
I'm not sure I have anything.
How is that possible?
When you looked into Leanne,
what did you find?
Not much.
Just a burnt up, old farmhouse.
Some kind of tragic accident.
How close is your mother
with your aunt and uncle?
Is he her brother?
George and May are my chosen family.
We're not actually related.
They said that God sent them walking down
the road where I was buried in ash.
They told me that God
had given me a second chance.
Every detail we can learn
about these people is important.
All information, no matter how seemingly
insignificant. It's Journalism 101.
You okay?
-I'm fine.
-Let me get you a drink.
-I said I'm fine.
-I'll get it.
Please... let me. This is my fault.
What is this?
Found them up here.
Must've been our mom's.
We're not supposed to listen to music.
They say it's a dark temptation.
But I don't understand that.
Just feels like light to me.
I wanna show you something.
From some local news archive.
Look at how she's holding me.
It's like she wants to drop me.
Dorothy would never
hold Jericho like that.
What's Dorothy gotta do with it?
I used to think
she was the perfect mother.
She was so beautiful.
Gentle.
Was nothing like mine.
But I was wrong about her.
That's fucking unfair.
What happened with the baby
was an accident. It wasn't her fault.
Then whose fault was it?
I'd probably blame God.
If I thought there was a God to blame.
For now, it's on me.
I thought it would be safer to keep it
from you, and that was a mistake.
We cannot lie to each other, Sean.
Promise me.
Sorry. Had to hit the restroom on the way.
Thank you.
Hey, Juju, it's Dottie.
I really wouldn't call
if it wasn't important, but...
I'm just having a really hard time.
Jericho's just crying and crying,
and I have tried everything, and...
I'm just really overwhelmed right now.
So... maybe you could just come by...
Juju, for, like, even a couple hours.
Okay. Just call me back, okay? Bye.
Why didn't you go?
My dealer scored some great shit.
I couldn't pass that up.
She was alone with his body for four days.
All I can think is...
what if I went?
Why are you telling me this?
What do you want?
Do you want me to feel sorry for her?
No.
It's just when a terrible thing happens...
and you pretend that it didn't...
it eats your insides.
There was this green dress
that my mother loved...
so I decided to destroy it.
Try maybe make some room
for her to love me.
I put it on the burner.
Didn't know how fast fire grows.
I wasn't even scared at all.
I was just angry.
It felt like I was burning too.
My aunt and uncle said that
it must've been God working through me.
That terrible things happen for a reason.
Do you think that?
I think that if that's God...
then I don't want anything to do with him.
He'll never leave this house without her.
So our deal is safe
as long as we still have Leanne.
All right. Let's go inside. It's frigid.
I can grab you a blanket.
That's very kind of you, Roscoe,
but it's okay.
We need to check on George.
It's just nice, the fresh air.
I thought we might
stay out here for a little longer.
I really am cold, but we can
continue speaking in the kitchen.
Roscoe, what are you doing?
I can't let you inside.
Why not?
He told me to keep you out here
until sunset... no matter what.
Who?
George.
What do you think you're doing?
I told you I wanted to help you!
What, did you think you could trick us?
You could just walk out of the house
without fulfilling your side of the deal?
-Tell me!
-I needed time to prepare.
We must do these things alone.
-Prepare?
-Yes.
We should all be ready.
The reunion will happen
when the clock turns.
This is certain.
Good.
It better.
-I'm sorry, man.
-Just go.
You don't understand. Listen to me, Sean.
You know me.
You know I'm a rational man.
Something's happening to me.
Things are changing.
They're shifting for the better.
What do you mean?
I can't explain it.
All I know is that
it started when I met him.
So when he asked me for a simple,
harmless task,
I knew I needed to say yes.
Roscoe, you need to go.
I'm trying to say that you can trust them.
They're not like us.
They're special.
I'm not supposed to do that.
They say that anything
that feels good is dangerous.
Christmas has always
been a time for sitting on Santa's lap
and whispering wishes into his ear.
But now child psychologists say that
this encourages manipulative behavior.
They argue that children
should be encouraged
to state their wishes
directly without playing games.
I can't do it.
Why are you holding that knife?
Do you wanna hurt me?
You said that you loved me.
Everybody lies to me.
She'll come for you.
Let her.
I can handle May.
Not May.
Oh, my God. Where did you come from?
Sir? Sir, are you okay?